feat(project): add stylelint-plugin-carbon-tokens package (#6799)
carbon-design-system/carbon: packages/stylelint-plugin-carbon-tokens/src/rules/layout-token-use/README.md

# Layout Token Use

> This rule is intended enfoce use of Carbon theme tokens, functions, mixins and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule is intended to enforce the use of Carbon theme tokens, functions, mixins and
```

Author: Agreed and updated.

CSS classes as defined.

- [https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/guidelines/layout/overview](https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/guidelines/layout/overview)

By default it accepts undefined SCSS and CSS variables.

NOTE: Transition and animation shorthand must conform to expected order

Optionally accepts container, icon size and fluid spacing tokens.

## Default props

```js
const defaultOptions = {
  // include standard layout properites
  includeProps: [
    '/^margin$/<1 4>',
    '/^margin-/',
    '/^padding$/<1 4>',
    '/^padding-/',
    'height',
    'width',
    'left',
    'top',
    'bottom',
    'right',
    'transform',
  ],

>   // Accept transparent, common reset values, 0, proportioanl values,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Accept transparent, common reset values, 0, proportional values,
```

Author: Agreed and updated.
